Ah!
This Indian girl is really strong
Toss me all night
Princess, you are here
Your Highness, why haven't you woken up so late?
Do you feel uncomfortable?
I felt a chill last night
Some headaches today
I'll go and hire a doctor for you right now, no need.
I went to see the imperial doctor yesterday.
The imperial doctor said that I can recuperate in two days
Hahaha
I have nothing
Is it appropriate for the princess to come as a roommate today?
Ah!
Yesterday's competition
Father is very satisfied with you
Want us to
Set a wedding date as soon as possible
That's very nice.
To be able to marry such a beautiful beauty as the princess
It's really a blessing that I have been fortunate to cultivate in my three lifetimes
In fact, the female general in Tianzhu is not bad either.
Still not bad
But compared to the princess, it can be said to be a world of difference
Oh oh oh help you go to bed oh don't